I think it's going to be important to remain critical and tactical about our efforts with students in a potential telework summer. Our instincts (or at least mine) will likely be to replace the rich fabric of standard summer activities with a comparable amount, density, and type of programming. I'm trying to move back from those -- this will be a very different sort of summer, and I think we should be extra careful about items we put on the calendar. Much better to have a reduced amount of content and contact hours (and to raise likelihood that the students will find substance and value in them) than to try a one-for-one substitution that feels like a waste of time.

Things that I'm doing in my program in service of the above:
1. ensure that every single event has a clearly defined list of learning objectives and that the program for that event has a reasonable expectation of reaching that goal. E.g. if some of my local leadership expresses interest in addressing students, I will work with them to hone down their message to one or two key points, message those points to students (if it's an optional event) so that students feel like they're able to make an informed decision about whether or not to attend (and so that students can be ready to listen on the wavelength of the speaker). 
2. reduce larger events so that, in a digital environment, there's more likelihood for substantive interactions between speakers and students. There are obvious practical limitations to where and how this can be done, but I suggest that e.g. a mandatory event with 2,000 students all attending synchronously with a single massive Q&A might be better split into a single asynchronous, i.e. pre-recorded video of the main event, with 2-3 separate synchronous 'office hours' where students can bring questions about the video to the speaker. Again, this is an arbitrary example, but maybe something to consider when designing the calendar.
3. creating ways for interns to have 'happenstance' encounters with experienced NASA personnel. I don't have specific ideas but suggest that this is part of the magic of a NASA internship -- the ability to randomly strike up a conversation with an experienced engineer at the tail end of a tour, or to bump into a veteran project manager in the cafeteria, etc. This may be at odds with my above suggestions, too. : )


A shared Wikipedia-style website for low-level knowledge might be useful. This can hold acronyms and NASA jargon that might be difficult to look up elsewhere but that isn't too sensitive to keep out of the public eye. Could also hold best tips & tricks for posters and otherwise spawn intern-to-intern interactions.
This might also work better as a Slack/Teams channel or similar medium, or in the Learning Management System. (My experience, both as an intern coordinator and as an intern, however, has been that the LMSes see a brief small spike of activity in May-June and are ghost towns for the rest of the summer, so I recommend picking 1. a platform that has promise and sustainability, and 2. STRONGLY hewing to only a single platform/solution for this kind of resource. Having students maintain attention and presence across Blackboard, the Facebook group, a GroupMe chain, and their individual Outlook calendars dilutes their ability to use any of those platforms efficiently or effectively.)

Strong language about expectation-setting (specifically realistic expectation setting) will be particularly important this summer. The agency's been using the SMART goal structure recently and I think it'll be more crucial than ever. *This is not an ideal environment*, and students and mentors both should be dialing their internal and external expectations both accordingly.